the most common mistake that I see new leaders make deals with them, providing
information that they're not sure of themselves. As a chief,
you always have toe think Well, you know what? I have the answers.
I know the answers. And that's not 100% accurate. Yes, I am the person
with the answers. But the more important question is where I get
those answers from the reason that I have all the answers is because
I have ah crew of people behind me that can back me up that have the
answers throughout all of the people. And, um what first classes?
The problem that I've seen in upcoming 1st and 2nd class is is thinking
that they are the ones that that the information comes from themselves.
And in that case you probably get some wrong answers. Um, depending
on what they're saying. So, for instance, um, you're talking
about an award. Oh, well, this award needs needs this and that. And
you don't you don't need it. You don't need that block filled out.
Well, some of those things could be wrong, but because they're under
such stress toe actually provide an answer. They provide some answer
the difference between new answers and, for instance, Chiefs. The
chief will say, You're supposed to felt this block this block. It's
supposed to be filled out like this. This block. Hold on, I'll get
back to you And that's the difference between a strong and a week later.